---
category: Story
tags: old
title: Forge of Life
author: Ace
layout: post
---

In this world, there are many forms of life. The stragest of which, are people. In this story, though people don't know it,they have energies inside of them that enhance them. Some effect normal things, being smarter, or more athletic, or possibly poetic... but some, like mine... are not. In this world, there are many forms of life. The stragest of which, are people. In this story, though people don't know it,they have energies inside of them that enhance them. Some effect normal things, being smarter, or more athletic, or possibly poetic... but some, like mine... are not. 
Ever since I could remember anything, I remembered I had an incredible imagination, but once I got into High School, I let people know about my ideas. I took quite a bit of criticism, and my ideas didn't flow. Without my creativity, I thought I had no skills at all. By junior year, I'd reached my lowest point, but it turned around when I started to focus on something else. More on that later. I thought something was weird in February of that year. That's when this whole thing started. I had finally received my first paycheck. Which before I read the other mail I had made an order for a present. More on that later. I had also got a letter from the video game store* I worked at. The letter told me to show up on Saturday, which was strange but I went anyway. On Saturday, at the video game store, actually outside of the video game store. I saw ******, the manager of that store with something really big behind him. I walked up closer, and what was behind him was an orc**. I asked him where he got the orc. All he said "From a man with a skill like yours".
As the orc charged at me, all I could think of was a shield to put between us. One of those big wall-like shields. So thick that... THUD!  I had my eyes closed while thinking. I opened my eyes to see that the orc was hacking away at a shield jutting from my hand. This was what I imagined, then, hoping it would happen again. I imagined a special sword, like a knight's sword, but this sword had an unusual tip. Where the tip was the blade would curve. I called it Scythe Blade. My ultimate weapon, I felt my hand gripping something. My stomach felt warm, I didn't notice it when the shield appeared. I looked and saw Scythe Blade pop into my hand. I made a single swipe to the orc's chest. He stumbled back. I didn't want the shield anymore I needed a boomerang. I gripped the boomerang I created and aimed. The orc charged, and I took my shot. Direct Hit to the forehead! When the boomerang came back, the orc fell on ****** and they both disappeared. I walked in the video game store,****** was there and denied ever sending the letter. 
