I've been distrohopping a lot and usually end up with *elementary* OS, Linux Mint, or **Solus**. These seem to be my favorites all for very different reasons and it would be nice if I could just stick to one. Now *elementary* OS has some great features which is why I'm using it to write this post. Code is a nice looking text editor, Sideload allows me to install things by downloading them from my browser as I did on MacOS, Vocal is my favorite way of listening to podcasts (when it doesn't crash), and of course I love moving between workspaces. Linux Mint has Cinnamon and an easy to use driver tool. The Cinnamon desktop is one of my favorites because it's almost as customizable as Plasma and it has my favorite themes. Solus has my favoite default setup for GNOME, the Budgie Desktop, Plasma now, and of course what I consider to be the best software app store thing. I also really like the terminal eopkg. Linux Mint and elementary OS are fun and very usable and I recommend them, but I find myself always being drawn to using Solus because of how different it is. Because it doesn't use apt or rely on Ubuntu (I like Ubuntu as well but) it can release updates whenever. Then again I have been using Windows 10 again on my old laptop lately because of GeForce Now, I don't think I can stick to linux distros if they don't release a client. Seriously, it's one of those small things that makes using Windows kinda worth it. Of course there's always other ways of playing games, like Retropie. Distrohopping is an odd hobby
*Ace*
